# Oscar Halford (z5157090) Diary

## Week 1

We conducted or first meeting and began brainstorming ideas. We debated whether we wanted to go with a custom project, or go with one of the pre-defined project. Ultimately, we ended up deciding that a custom project would be more engaging, interesting, and challenging. Therefore, decided on an app that would utilise generative AI to create summaries and flashcards of content saved across the internet. 

## Week 2

We began developing the proposal for our custom project, further fleshing out our ideas regarding using generative AI to summarise, memorise, and interact with content saved on the internet. We formally defined what technologies we would use, as well as how we would assign tasks. I was tasked with writing out user stories and explaining some of the features in the proposal. 

## Week 3

After getting acquainted with out GitHub repo, Jira, and other technologies, we started developing the app. Thankfully, Max was able to get a barebones set up of the tech stack running for all of us, as he already had experience with the technologies we were using. I was able to get acquainted with the development environment and technologies we would be using. From there, I began helping out with the development of certain frontend features, as I got used to various libraries I had not used before. 

## Week 4

As we approached Demo A, we had made significant progress. In particular, logging into the app, as well as basic saving functionality, were working. I was tasked with helping implement some of the filtering functionality on the Content Saver/Content Home feature. Hence, I implemented key operations such as deleting, archiving, etc. for the saved content items.

## Week 5

This week, our Demo A went much better than expected. We have already developed a significant chunk of the app, and it feels as though we are ahead in terms of the general timeline we had originally planned. I finished off features I was helping to develop by Demo A, and in Retro A, we assigned new roles to each other in anticipation of Demo B. I was tasked with Haopeng to start developing the content summariser feature, which is a challenging prospect as it involves scraping content and using generative AI.

## Week 6

For content summariser, I was able to get a working scraping process up and running. I developed a scraping implementation on the backend that uses the URL associated with a saved item of content. However, filtering the scraped content has proven difficult, especially considering that there's tens of thousands of words in many webpages. Thankfully, I was able to get a filtering system in place that saves the headers and paragraphs of the scraped content, instead of all of the other irrelevant scraped data. 

## Week 7

This week, I was able to extend content summariser to use generative AI, ChatGPT, to summarise the scraped content. However, the prompt engineering process has proven a lot more complex and difficult than I had originally imagined. Getting consistent and reliable output from ChatGPT is tricky, but I was able to find the right prompts after extensive trial and error. Hence, I started to implement an extension to content summariser that uses options such as knowledge level and finetuning to get an even better summary for the user. 

## Week 8

By the day of Demo B, me and Haopeng were able to get a highly functional and reliable content summariser feature up and running. We implemented some final tweaks, while Haopeng added the vast majority of the frontend features. I was able to work out a way to get consistent word counts and structures from ChatGPT, as well as create unique pages on the backend for each summary. Demo B went very well, and during Retro B we realised that we only had a single feature left before the app was finished. 

## Week 9

I was tasked with making some final tweaks to the app, as well as begin the Final Report and Code Quality submissions for next week. I created a comprehensive draft of the Final Report, as well as started a plan and presentation schedule for our Final Demo. Furthermore, I began researching Docker to see whether or not it would be suitable for our final Code Quality submission. 

## Week 10

I was able to get a working Docker Container ready, although there were some hiccups in how it worked on certain machines. We were all able to successfully complete the Final Demo, thanks to the preparation and practice we conducted beforehand. For the remainder of the week, myself and the team worked on finishing off the final report while addressing some issues with Docker Container on Mac (Apple Silicon) machines. 


