# Max Xue (z5267325) Diary

## Week 1
We met and brainstormed ideas for the project. We decided on an article saving app that would help people learn areas of interest.

Next week, we plan to get our project approved and make any adjustments if requested.

## Week 2
We got our project approved so we started drafting up a formal proposal. I oversaw deciding the technology stack we would use. I designed a system based on the T3 stack, which is a popular full stack architecture that uses libraries that leverage the type safe features of Typescript. I then created a repo with an example of this tech stack for my teammates to familiarise themselves with. I then set up the same tech stack in the official repository for the course. Then I wrote the section 4 System Architecture component of the official proposal.

Next week, we plan to get everyone familiar with the codebase and to start coding.

## Week 3
This week, I went over the codebase with everyone and answered any questions they had about the tech stack chosen. We then went and set up everyone’s local development environment together for things such as database access. I then started researching UX and UI examples of a user login/sign up flow as well as best practices for authentication.

Next week, I plan on doing the user account features (login, sign up, password reset).

## Week 4
I created the frontend and the backend for the user sign up and login workflow and set up account recovery for forgotten passwords. This required me to make an account for Resend in order to use their APIs, but the end product was sufficient. I also was having some issues with creating an OTP input due to the complexity of the styling, but it ended up well. I also created a profile page which allowed users to change their information, such as name or email.

Next week is our first demo. Afterwards, we will have a meeting an delegate the tasks for sprint 2.

## Week 5
This week we presented our first demo for the project. We got through all our features even though there was a bit of a mistake at the start of the demo as I took too long demonstrating user creation and login. After the demo, we had a retrospective where we delegated the next sprints work. I worked on flashcards for the rest of the week, creating the backend routes and models for flashcards and using functions calling the OpenAI API for flashcard content generation written by Gordon, Haopeng and Oscar.

Next week, I plan on finishing up all the UI for flashcard generation on the flashcard page.

## Week 6
I was really sick, so I didn’t do anything

This resulted in me having to push back my work to week 7. This resulted in the team having to move some sprint 2 features into sprint 3, specifically fleshing out the flashcard review UI.

Next week, I hope to finish up all the UI for flashcard generation on the flashcard page.

## Week 7
I created the basic skeleton UI for the flashcards page as well as the UI for manually creating flashcards by typing the article name into a search bar. I implemented an algorithm that returns articles that contain what is inputted into the search bar as a substring for the title. These suggested articles would then be displayed in a dropdown which could be clicked to generate the flashcards.

Next week is our second demo, at which point we will have a meeting and delegate sprint 3 tasks.

## Week 8
The second demo went well. It was better than the first due to better time management amongst the team. We then delegated tasks for sprint 3, in which I was assigned to help create the discovery page for users to be recommended items/articles they could be interested in. I created the backend routes for the Discovery page and implemented SQL queries, using the Prisma query builder. I implemented the algorithm we decided for discovering new articles, creating a O(n) time algorithm. 

I have finished my responsibilities for this sprint so next week will be more of a focus on cleaning up any bugs and preparing for the final demo.

## Week 9
There was a sudden bug with the email password reset feature due to changes in Resend’s API, so I had to connect a Google domain to the Resend services and create an alias email for the domain as the sender of password reset code emails.

I made some minor bug fixes with the login error messages.

I tested and wrote a script for my relevant assigned parts in the demo, and we all had a practice run on Saturday. 

After our final demo next week, I plan on finishing up the report.

## Week 10

We presented our final demo. It went well and we got through everything we wanted to. I wrote sections 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 and 1.6, and Accounts and Authentication sections for 2.2 and 2.1 for the final report.

