# Haopeng Luo (z5339246) Diary

## Week 1
We brainstormed ideas for this project and discussed the pros and cons of doing a custom project. After careful consideration, We decided to make a web app similar to Pocket but enriched with much an array of innovative features at the end.

## Week 2
We started writing the proposal based on our project idea. I was mainly doing the storyboarding part, including all the UI design except the content summariser and flashcards parts.

## Week 3
The coding work starts this week. I helped tweak the directory structure after Max set up the codebase of the project and implemented a basic content saver and front-end layout.

## Week 4
Continuing my efforts, significant improvements were made to the content saver throughout the week. I enabled it to read metadata from the original website, enhancing the overall functionality.

## Week 5
I improved the style and usability of the content homepage, including a responsive layout, with the help of Gordon and William. In the meantime, I also finished a basic browser extension.

## Week 6
During this week, I took on the task of refactoring some of the backend code, particularly the error handling aspect. By creating a utility function, I simplidied the process of creating custom error types for the benefit of future development.

## Week 7
The content saver continues to receive enhancements this week. It now displays a preview of metadata from the original site during content saving, making it more informative for users.

## Week 8
Building on Oscar's completed backend code for the content summariser, I completed the frontend part of it. 

## Week 9
I kept enhancing the front-end interface of the content home in this week, including adding a floating top bar. Additionally, I completed the frontend implementation of the discovery page, aligning it with Max's backend code. Moreover, I developed the user profile functionality and implemented visibility settings for items and profiles.

## Week 10
As we approached the final stages of the project, I focused on fixing bugs and fine-tuning the user interface. At the end, we had a successful final presentation of the project.
