# Gordon Huang (z5359836) Diary

## Week 1

Read through all course assessment specifications and suggested project ideas. Brainstormed custom project ideas based on potential useful software for personal use. Ideas include:

- Browser extension: Monkeytype for any web article to practice your touch-typing will browsing internet
- Live multiplayer web game
    - HTML Canvas frontend, websockets/socket.io for live interaction between clients
    - Potential extension task: train AI agents to play the game against real players 
- Potential for exploring distributed backend systems to handle high volume traffic and techniques/optimisations to minimise latency

After soon discussions we landed on the idea of an app to help us learn and retain information that we come across on the web.

## Week 2

Started brainstorming various use cases of our app and ideas for useful features. Researching reference products including [Pocket](https://getpocket.com) and [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/). Looking to past COMP3900 projects shown in lecture as reference. Some features seem to be common among almost all projects, such as user accounts and authentication. For other features, especially the novel novel onces, we are hoping to get creative. Maybe integrate the OpenAI API and use its large language models.

## Week 3

Consolidated our 8 features, including two novel features (Content Summariser and Flashcard Generator). 

Working on some storyboarding in Figma to demonstrate how users will be able to summarise saved content, view summaries, generate flashcards, preview flashcards, revise flashcards and track their progress with a statistics dashboard. 

## Week 4

Added selectors for both collections and tags to the item cards, providing a way to select or filter items based on their associated collections and tags.
Formatted the ItemCard and Sidebar components, adjusted the code style, layout, or presentation.
Applied styling to the SaveInput component to improve UI/UX.
Added a database seed to initialise the database with initial users and saved items to speed up development and testing.


## Week 5

Further styling enhancements to the item panel.
Implemented a multitoggle component for item status, allowing users to switch between different statuses for items.
Added icons to the item panel and conducted further formatting to improve its aesthetics and usability.
Fixed the item status update mechanism using invalidate to ensure consistent state updates.
Updated the item panel mutations to use trpc context invalidate instead of invalidQuery, a change that should improve efficiency and accuracy of state updates.


## Week 6

OpenAI API Integration: Integrated the OpenAI API into our project. This involved setting up the necessary API credentials, understanding the OpenAI API endpoints and functionalities, and creating appropriate API calls from our application. The purpose of this integration is to leverage OpenAI's capabilities in understanding and summarizing text data, which in our case would be used to generate content for flashcards.

Flashcard Generation: With the integration of OpenAI, I started working on implementing the flashcard generation feature. The goal was to use OpenAI's language processing ability to extract key information from the saved weblinks and create informative and concise flashcards. This feature can help users better remember and understand the content they have bookmarked.

## Week 7

Attempted to add text streaming so that the generated content from OpenAI would be streamed token-by-token to the clientside.

Wasn't able to get it to work. tRPC currently doesn't support sending event streams from server to client. Could use tRPC subscription but then cannot deploy to Vercel. Can be deployed on Edge runtime but that breaks the tRPC API handler.

Attempt involves the following npm packages: ai by Vercel and openai-edge (drop-in replacement for official openai package but uses fetch instead of axios bc only fetch works on Edge runtime).

## Week 8

Defined a specific function called getFlashcard that the OpenAI API should call when generating flashcards. This function is designed to interact with the OpenAI API, handle the received data, and format it into a suitable structure for a flashcard. This specification provides a clear interaction point with the AI for flashcard generation, contributing to a cleaner, more maintainable codebase.

## Week 9

  Improved the initial implementation of the flashcard revision feature from a previous sprint.
  Added a dynamic outline to the FlashcardQA component, similar to a timer button component previously developed.
  Developing a revision session context to keep track of time elapsed, the number of flashcards reviewed, and the number of flashcards left to review.
  Implementing a flashcard review context, which records the time spent reviewing each card and whether the user marked it as easy, medium, hard, or forgotten.

## Week 10

Implemented a feature to conditionally render revision queue and recently reviewed flashcards, improving the user experience based on their revision progress.
Created a horizontal bar chart to visualize individual flashcard revision sessions.
Styled the bar chart for improved visual presentation.
Developed a Duration component to track the time spent during revision sessions.
Updated the Duration component to forward HTMLDivElement references, improving the component's interaction with the DOM.
Restructured the user interface flow from flashcard > review > revision session, aiming to create a more intuitive user experience.
Improved the interaction with the generation dialog, which is responsible for generating new flashcards.
Implemented a redirection feature that navigates users to the login page if they are not logged in.