# William Zhang (z5367957) Diary

## Week 1

This week, I helped the team brainstorm potential ideas for our project. Our main idea was eventually decided to be an internet bookmarking app resembling Pocket. We let Gordon ask Rachid about whether or not the idea would be acceptable.

## Week 2

This week, we were notified by Rachid that our idea was accepted, and so we began writing the proposal. I was responsible for writing user stories for half of the features, which I completed successfully.

## Week 3

This week, we began development of our project. We assigned tasks to each other in order to complete the features in sprint 1. As the scrum master, I set up the Jira board to match this sprint's user stories.

## Week 4

This week, features 1-2 were almost fully completed, and features 3-4 began progress. I contributed by reviewing a pull request for feature 2, and began work on a part of feature 3.

## Week 5

This week, features 1-2 were completed, and more progress was made on features 3-4. I contributed by reviewing two pull requests and fixing bugs for features 3-4. We completed nearly all that we had planned to prior to this week's demonstration.

## Week 6

This week, feature 3 was completed, and work began on feature 5. I contributed by completing the remainder of feature 3, fixing bugs, improving existing code, and reviewing few pull requests.

## Week 7

This week, feature 5 was completed, and work began on feature 6. I contributed by continuing work on feature 4.

## Week 8

This week, features 4 and 6 were completed, and work began on feature 7. I contributed by completing the remainder of feature 4, improving existing code, and reviewing a pull request. We weren't able to complete feature 7 by the demonstration, so we'll move it to sprint 3.

## Week 9

This week, work began on feature 8, and more progress was made on feature 7. I contributed by fixing a bug, improving existing code from feature 3, and reviewing a pull request.

## Week 10

This week, features 7 and 8 were completed, finishing the project. I contributed by fixing a bug, writing documentation for the features in our app, and writing my part for the final report.
